Bump version to 0.10.0 (#919)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/migration.md

# Appendix B: Migrating from older PyO3 versions

This guide can help you upgrade code through breaking changes from one PyO3 version to the next.
For a detailed list of all changes, see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## from 0.9.* to 0.10

> ### `ObjectProtocol` is removed

Reviewer: Is it worth noting that `ObjectProtocol` was also in the prelude? So for many users this change may have been totally invisible.

All methods are moved to [`PyAny`].
And since now all native types (e.g., `PyList`) implements `Deref<Target=PyAny>`,

> al you need is removing `ObjectProtocol` from your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all you need to do is remove `ObjectProtocol` from your code.
```

Before:
```rust,compile_fail
use pyo3::ObjectProtocol;

let gil = pyo3::Python::acquire_gil();
let obj = gil.python().eval("lambda: 'Hi :)'", None, None).unwrap();
let hi: &pyo3::types::PyString = obj.call0().unwrap().downcast().unwrap();
assert_eq!(hi.len().unwrap(), 5);
```

After:
```rust
let gil = pyo3::Python::acquire_gil();
let obj = gil.python().eval("lambda: 'Hi :)'", None, None).unwrap();
let hi: &pyo3::types::PyString = obj.call0().unwrap().downcast().unwrap();
assert_eq!(hi.len().unwrap(), 5);
```

> ### No `#![feature(specialization)]` in user code

Reviewer: :tada:

> While PyO3 itself still requires spcialization and nightly Rust,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While PyO3 itself still requires specialization and nightly Rust,
```
